our pumpkin sprites President had a busy
Monday this is his schedule today this
is a real Monday no public event
scheduled it's probably for the best
trumpet Palooza made a stop in Lake
Charles Louisiana on Friday where once
again he used all the best words the
Radical Democrats policies are crazy
their politicians are corrupt their
candidates are terrible and they know
they can't win an election day so
they're pursuing an illegal invalid and
unconstitutional impeachment he really
is the Abraham Lincoln of our time as a
nation
Louisiana Senator John Kennedy was there
to get his presidential pat on the head
and this character John Kennedy suffice
it to say is no John Kennedy
I told you Donald J Trump loves
Louisiana like the devil loves sin good
one grandma you really even the devil
was like lead me out of this trump
blabbered for a full 90 minutes filling
his fans with so much wisdom we had no
choice but to slow it down to save her a
new edition of drunk Donald Trump oh god
I love you Lisa
[Music]
[Applause]
here on Washington the impeachment train
is picking up steam on Friday
Trump's former ambassador to Ukraine
Murray yo Jovanovic testified that the
president pressured the State Department
to get rid of her today Congress heard
from Trump's former adviser Fiona Hill
this is a fun story the Washington Post
said one of the first times fiona hill
who is his russia advisor met the
president he handed her a memo he'd
marked up and told her to go revise it
because he assumed she was the secretary
when she seemed confused he got angry he
seems like a fun boss he really got the
posts also learned that trumps
ambassador to the EU
Gordon Sandlin is the guy who sent that
cryptically worded text message about
that there was no quid pro quo he plans
to testify that the president dictated
that message to him personally and on
top of that the president's lawyer Rudy
Giuliani is said to be under
investigation by the US Attorney's
Office for his financial dealings in
Ukraine on Friday Trump said he didn't
know if Giuliani was still his lawyer
and that must have ruffled some feathers
because over the weekend he suddenly had
lunch with Rudy and tweeted support so
now they are after the legendary crime
buster and greatest mayor in the history
of New York City Rudy Giuliani he may
see him a little rough around the edges
sometimes it might even be insane for
all we know but he is also a great guy
and a wonderful lawyer who is now in
need of a wonderful lawyer such a
one-sided witch-hunt going on in u.s. a
deep state shameful is there such a
thing as a two-sided witch-hunt because
I don't know is it was there a group of
witches that hunted down regular people
I don't know so Trump and Giuliani are
still a team whenever Donald Trump
considers getting rid of Rudy he Rudy
hypnotized him with that giant pinky
ring he wears and
but make no mistake the president is
melting down like a creamsicle in July
he's threatening to sue Nancy Pelosi and
Adam Schiff which you can't kind of do
and now that who's he gonna get to sue
them all his lawyers are either in jail
or going there soon
he's even feuding with Fox News
according to New York Times he called
the head of Fox News to complain about
what he perceived as unfair coverage of
him he really is the snowiest flaky a
snowflake there ever has been isn't he
you could ski on Donald Trump but
Shepard Smith over the weekend left fog
news Shepard Smith was one of the only
reasons they were able to use the word
news after Fox with a straight face and
now he's gone he was with Fox for 20
years Trump didn't like Shep as they
call him so for reasons unknown he made
a sudden departure on air Friday night
Fox News is no doubt nervous because the
president suddenly continues to threaten
to start his own cable news channel
liberals lie the once great Fox News is
now a bunch of pissy sissies in times
like these turn to the Trump America
News Network at 7 a.m.
it's broads on a couch by Nugent at noon
at 1:00 p.m. still in time I mean
killing time with OJ Simpson then nine
hours of i'm ereka america hosted by
first son Eric Trump the Trump America
News Network
tienen next summer get tan
I've got a melon overall I was facing
the peach men in Turkey and Syria and
all manner of hell breaking loose this
is what the president is working on
right now
vote for good guy Sean Spicer tonight on
Dancing with the Stars he has always
been there for us and that might be his
greatest abuse of power yet if you like
that video click the subscribe button
but only if you're ready for commitment